October the 20th 2011 libya's ex leader
Colonel Muammar Gaddafi was captured and
killed an end to Gaddafi's 42-year rule
among the hopes for the rebirth of a
nation were hopes for resolving a
mystery surrounding a charismatic cleric
Imam Musa Sadr was a leader of the Shia
Muslim sect in Lebanon in the summer of
1978 asada disappeared along with two
companions while on a visit to Libya to
meet Gaddafi for over 30 years the Imams
disappearance has remained shrouded in
mystery a shadowy story from the
ruthless world of politics
what became of the enigmatic cleric
whose popularity transcended religions
and who had transformed Lebanon's shear
from a downtrodden minority into
political activists could the downfall
of the soldier who seized power and
became a ruthless dictator offer up hope
of new evidence and new witnesses in the
case of the vanished imam moussa al-sadr
was born in 1928 in the iranian city of
calm his family were of lebanese origin
he studied political science in the
university of tehran and later moved to
iraq for postgraduate studies in 1959
asada travelled to the city of Tyre in
south Lebanon to undertake missionary
work he won many admirers and
recognition ten years later in 1969 he
was elected head of the higher Islamic
Shia Council in Lebanon becoming leader
of the country's Shia Muslims a Sardar
called for social justice and
development particularly in Lebanon's
poorest areas in 1974 he founded the
movement of the deprived aiming to unite
people across communal rather than
religious or ideological lines asada was
something of an iconoclast seeking to
break through traditional barriers
octa bishop use of munis of Lebanon
remembers a sermon a satyr delivered in
a church in which he warned of the
dangers of sectarianism masaccio riadi
and the Hermit safe Muslim Imam Muslim
dr. Sahib
we can insert rebellious for ye Ju
Clarissa the harder meezerman hidden
satyrs nephew recalls his uncle's views
on Lebanon sectarian nature lmms oddity
McAuliffe namah what I feel an Akuma
hollering Elmo's would what an awareness
we believe nan others would cough what
are the development at this Vietnam a
voluminous eluate Elma Marisa livid GLBT
jaha halwa Marisa toffee he enacted when
a coming the moon can come over Allah
hidden water
in 1975 civil war erupted in Lebanon a
Sutter led anti-war protests most
prominent of which was his sit-in at a
mosque in Beirut
with anarchy in Lebanon Israeli attacks
on villages in the south of the country
increased asada campaigned on behalf of
the local population
and he announced the establishment of a
Lebanese resistance movement called Amal
asada consistently expressed sympathy
for Palestinian aspirations but his
relations with the Palestinian
Liberation Organization were tense and
uneasy he criticized the PLO for
shelling Israel and there by provoking
Israeli retaliation which fell mainly on
the Shia citizens of the south
woosah Asada's son recalls the political
tightrope his father had to walk and
then I can about the last the table
yeah to nail him another washtech own
mentor was that bad a Tanzimat a
Philistine eeeh I would look nanny Elma
drama
I mean consummately Palestinian candle a
man yellow food and yet asada they have
a tournament
hey father a thoracostomy
what could the Alpha lost in me al
hallelu a blemish Gillett Philistine yep
do falafel a Viet Muhammad Philistine
eared and on bath and then Holly Searcy
what handle a scary the basque hospital
de lara be a mother for the cinema
obvious team Ben is material Holloman
tell you
Hasan yaqoob is a former Lebanese MP his
father was one of the two companions who
disappeared with a solder on the trip to
Libya
he believes Muammar Gaddafi helped fuel
Lebanon Civil War for his own political
ends number called African had Albemarle
Willie in Marathi mubashar in the rally
aluminum.aluminum can yet Harlem well
lil for Anahata cotton or Russian or
Mozilla what can I mean to add Islamic
women
what are Hillel mignon II wish a clear
air mobile shaft totally misleading
Gaddafi's right-hand man Abdul Salam
delude visited Beirut during the Civil
War though he never met our solder the
first meeting between the mm and Gaddafi
occurred in 1975 according to a saddest
son it was not amicable in our economy
Melina suicide where we can after a
little Simonelli any because if you have
it to Allah Allah Allah you know we
still crying can I bet you can
between 1976 and 1977 asada intensified
his efforts to end the Lebanese war many
Lebanese admired his courage and
charisma but the Imam found it difficult
to mediate in a country so divided in
March 1978 Israel invaded South Lebanon
under the pretext of crushing the PLO
the United Nations issued resolution 45
calling on Israel to withdraw
immediately Israel floated the UN
resolution and set up what it called a
security zone in south Lebanon al Sadr
toured the Arab world to plead the case
for south Lebanon then Algerian
president who re boumedienne recommended
the Imam meets the Libyan leader
a Sutter agreed and boumedienne
contacted Gaddafi the Libyan leader
invited us utter to visit him in Tripoli
lawyer Bilal al-husseini has followed
the case of the disappearance of imam
al-sadiq
and his two companions a witness at
Libya dentist liebe testy manila memo
southern cobalamin via mail Safari be
filled then mahmoud angora raha be our
warrant meaning may know Sylvain Rabab
asada remembers her brothers
determination to visit Libya despite
warnings about Gaddafi's
unpredictability my can handle area
Hodges but only a no-kill no no no limit
oh yeah Nicole I'm Jana Halima true
but an omission of rod and no anna liam
i'm the Haida for I am ashamed of nan
lian even a new class the second of us
others two companions who went missing
with him was a journalist a bus
bat-erdene his eldest son recalls the
last moments before his father's
departure Kanan do shot Kabir with
horsemanship and she a minimal Mayan
Mubarak Aurelien oricon shiny bus malli
sheer towers me mahal and contra him
below it was me Minami robot
the Libyan embassy in Beirut arranged
three tickets on a Middle East airlines
flight from Musa al-sadr Mohammed Jakub
and Abbas bad redeem from Beirut to
Tripoli via Benghazi on the eve of his
departure the Imam spent the night at
his sister's San Fermin and I mean
Elbert an errata solution to Hobart
liberado ambikada anivia am below a
despotic a tree Alicia Coliseum body
inshallah July 8 con module below gran
cantidad O's Hawaiian identity has an
organic dodge to mrida mahadeva Forenza
anthology Sanford murder to me title
Quran sapphire or Ajala Libya on the
25th of August 1978 Imam Musa Sadr and
his two companions left Beirut for Libya
at eight pm the MEA flights landed a
Tripoli International Airport asada and
his two companions disembarked from the
plane no one was there to meet them
at the terminal building they were
eventually met by Achmed she haughty
head of the Libyan foreign communication
Bureau al Jazeera interviewed Hussein
milord a protocol employee of the Libyan
foreign communication Bureau who
remembers the arrival of the Imam and
his two companions phylogeny via ferrata
fecha Elena
Conahan mr. Perotti has Libby who
promised illusi what can benefit is
Oksana
Yanik and epidermis termination derive
truffle hadith recited of an hour of
Lucy with lemon mousse asada Abdullah
Senussi was Libya's intelligence chief
and would become one of Gaddafi's
closest confidants over the years when
Tripoli fell to rebel fighters in 2011 a
sanu seized office was ransacked
many classified documents were lost or
destroyed amid the chaos of the downfall
of Gaddafi's regime any hope of
discovering a paper trail in our
investigation into the disappearance of
Musa al-sadr and his companions was made
more difficult by ballistic barrel life
can fear and its Umbra has the variety I
feel this department will be there
the Libyan officials left the airport
with their Lebanese guests Imam Musa
asada and his two companions were driven
to the ashati hotel in Tripoli where
they would stay
this is where the ashati hotel once
stood all that remains a rusty signpost
and scattered concrete ruins
in 2007 the hotel was demolished another
element in the story of Musa Sadr in
Libya that has disappeared
the ashati hotel had been among the
classiest in Tripoli as a place hosting
foreign visitors it was heavily
monitored by the Libyan intelligence
esatas visit to Libya coincided with
anniversary celebrations for the
September 1st Revolution in 1969 when
Gaddafi had seized power government
employee who Sam Malad had been assigned
to the Imam and his two companions
during their visit solder from the
mushaf e le mimosa solder carnival happy
farm staged LAN hula Mir Taqi
bill Muammar Qaddafi a brilliant Velika
bukuvu Bishop parody Anna be hajja Anne
Tolley tava cassava eridan muzaffer Ella
Baris hanahuna
Palala who honest of the Anna silica
element ability sulphur G Hamid shotty
Horeb and horizon marta wohrle a
dystopia Anuja balhae de la silla sir to
analemma Musa Sadr war fib CRT
electability sociology Walter FINA the
Muhammad Ershad honour the foreign
communication Bureau was close to the
hotel once again who some noticed the
cool reception asada received a mimosa
soda a man mctavey what - voila Myanmar
Delma darlin Allah Allahu Liman Musa
Sadr Amalfi Adams Borough of the Philip
Amana Marathi Badawi
Lima Musa Sadr insha Allah statins of
the malkov fe terrible world Regina mr.
dealer from the shop
the Imam spent five days waiting for an
appointment with Gaddafi the Libyan
government restricted the free movement
of the Imam and his companions and they
were provided no means of communication
with the outside world
in Lebanon the Imams family began to
worry
Almirola has say it matters a lot ISIL
will Majlis well a tassel will be a
William Janey on Teletoon Rob Ryan
Harmison Suffolk tilted shop monogamy it
a salut mr. Farrelly be heck you master
fear I'll hold my mouth about my the
only country harlot hazard other than
oedema shall miss working so I can kill
myself through really do tell from the
aisle - yah million well we clearly will
real men do being with muscle in bloom
Ian don't know Kenneth not all it is
about new Domino can kind of mohapatra
she Mayan is here on the 29th of August
1978 Jordanian journalists Shakur
aljawhari arrived at the AL shotty hotel
to cover the anniversary of Libya's
revolution he remembers meeting the Imam
who did not seem to him at ease Moses
other ageless manage more Armand and
Helene and yein salam ala imam who are
of the had enough see what cannot are
you know who I never saw any feet Jamila
teacher happy that lava what can our
julia top hopper and man lawyer Bell
Allah is saying he offers a reason why
the Imam may have seemed anxious the
harshly in cabinet no right Malekith
Gaddafi had a lurid tan Virgil Aloha oh
well I need more Adler had a little
alaihe salam ala man he Montes often
length
perhaps the emam felt the phone call was
to bring news of the meeting he was
waiting for but for the third time the
meeting was postponed the patience of
the Imam was wearing thin
live observer Allah Libya lilttle Kadesh
what can mr. Denman Tahir mahadesh
leotta and Mohan Ackerman Maharaja
laughter again but lateen Leyland what
little liquor a very much more savvy
imagery that Saphir would limit caress
me from Dhaka shorter stock but other
velocity Lublin year not coming home
Monica solo colossal man Chara marriage
I'm at Kabini sudden I didn't have such
a fear one is one sec Mohammed Kabbani
was part of the official Lebanese
delegation in Libya to attend the
anniversary celebrations and which met
Gadhafi
reenter savagery in Messiah
Regina favor no Lupita's definite Roku
well now add sour hawala Satan a whim
connectors way mom America the 50 who
are Fikri who we makea da cunha low
salinity bad Irma can and yes Tom I'll
convey Phila Rana Rana will create a
blog or second Audrina nacho but
smacking adrenaline high Diana treif
radical antifreeze McCann Audrina Louie
Valley Molly man and hadisha see a
carrot add estimate market the fish you
are tall hala al kita la la rumba McCann
had a seven a realistic manner domina
Anna took in it we say ho progeria
Nadine what them shake shake Ramadan bad
manners I am active to the Sarah
Clemente hadn't shared memory mundo on
August the 31st Jordanian journalist
Shakur aljawhari met al Sadr in the
hotel lobby
vol happy with Sarafian men Hostos come
to New Zealand with an our family for
FEMA para el fondo for 8 an imam were
given a mama and stock girl mechanical
the calcaneal - Abbott Walker le and
home whether a LAN Winona pattanayaka
Arafat Orton from Doc well rather an
adopter human for well again Samaritan
Imam and active
the carnage over who today ammo at home
fever are used for another in a various
asada wanted to go to Paris where his
wife was in hospital
this meant missing celebrations for the
anniversary of Gaddafi's September first
revolution STL mm cannon basura Jill
Moorhead Aksarben mother
well again halsell Ellicott I will fear
away at Maternity a lab and a liquor
hazard
sugan a memoir of the marathas you
rather own from the shot FIBA - dope
tama concerto man cabal Shazia me like
any other national human analysis Angela
team Yamaha 18
Vassallo says had literally no shoe
shoes are very low tamil malaika
meymaneh
hand roof raised casa film the brief
conversation between assad al macadam
and abbas bad redeemed suggests asada
was heading to meet Gaddafi that day
after checking out the Imam bumped into
journalist al Johari in the lobby
he was the last person to see them leave
the hotel
no Joey hey sewage at Samuel a share
from Hamada ' verse bat-erdene - I met
Colin from Doc what at a lot of UNIX a
video so the premiere Hamza London's
heavy sailor variety work every sailor
with dato rocket alluvia Manila is a
master imam al october bernie welcome to
a sermon or a hawaiian fatigue as year
- no staff about when we are
you Shahadah lemon cannot say adorable
and hajiman from duke shot a random
article say our attorney at a br a
suitabie
in March 1978 Lebanon was invaded by
Israel
EEMA Musa Sadr charismatic leader of
Lebanon's Shia Muslim sect sought
regional assistance on August the 25th
1978 asada traveled to Libya to meet
Colonel Muammar Gaddafi
six days later on August the 31st an
official motorcade left Tripoli's ashati
hotel carrying imam moussa asada and two
colleagues sheikh mohammed yaqoob and
journalist abbas and Bhadra Dean the
three men were never seen again question
soon began to be asked about what had
happened to them and whether they had
actually met the Libyan leader or not
several days after their disappearance
Libyan government official who Sam
Millard who had been assigned to their
ma'am and his companions was visited by
an agent from Libyan intelligence the
agent was keen to assure Malad that a
meeting between the Imam and Gaddafi had
never occurred Menzies havasu Robin
Manila NASA Alma Caribbean October fee
Maharaja automatically Mahal a mimosa
solder Connery denofa many been moses'
dirt at Hadassah para usted por trabajo
Musa Sadr Ensiferum stay Fallon Olomouc
urban allotted Muammar Qaddafi say
Germany hava Shaka's Madhavi rockabilly
SRC Anika family Park of Holland
kabanomachi def Hadamard o Martino Lena
have been especially canvas Oliver's
Almohad - Vatican RT the animage are
mhmm an attack can happen now - ama
Druze and Ramona's certain
courage Linea
the last known sighting of the Imam and
his two companions was them leaving the
hotel in Tripoli on August the 31st 1978
witnesses who saw them leave claimed
they were being taken to meet Gaddafi in
his private tent it's difficult to track
down anyone who was present at any such
meeting but reports have filtered out
that there was indeed a meeting between
the Imam and the colonel and that the
meeting did not go well
former Libyan military advisor Mohammed
Al Qaeda was Tripoli's prosecutor at the
time of the Imams visit he heard several
reports of the meeting and the topics
discussed by the leopardi had it been
open a more subtle fill Hima hadn't what
I need you know sorry no but you could
let and the stalker even had it come in
a car for luck miss Everson everybody
and headed and I can absolutely tell you
all toe and wash Dini for him being a
memorable most over the lead here
abdelmouniem a uni was a member of
Libya's Revolutionary Council in 1969 he
confirms the story of a heated exchange
over religion well suddenly malamat
mahadeva and Gaddafi who were that he
already kinda or a de Velde mama
soldiers who neck marketeer Tokuda no
Stella from a fee but a low morale Dini
a hassle female in home
normal and Michelle nos feet or lower
bilal al husseiny confirms the truth is
hard to ascertain without conclusive
evidence let me attend our Dean aid
alleles so I cannot assess the bhakti
lol a free he a ma'am amorous sec dad
who automatically menu somewhere how la
melena italian journalist
Stephanie Almighty has followed the case
of asados disappearance she does not
believe asada was murdered on a point of
religious dispute Frank Amenti
non-incumbent rent value dak Loper las
comparsa daily mimosa sada su una grande
operatio need intelligence why has an
Italian journalist been following the
case of a Lebanese Imam who disappeared
in Libya the answer there is an Italian
connection to the story three tickets
were booked in the name of Musa asada
and his two companions for Alitalia
flight 881 heading from Tripoli to Rome
the Libyan authorities requested urgent
entrance visas for asada and Yaqoob from
the Italian embassy in Tripoli their
French visas issued in Beirut were
cancelled
there is evidence the passports of asada
and his companions were altered on that
evening of August the 31st 1978 asada
and his two companions were driven to
the departure terminal of Tripoli
airport exit stamps found later in their
passports were dated on that day but did
they actually leave Libya what is known
is that three men carrying their
passports and bearing their names did
board the flight to Rome
shortly before midnight the Alitalia
plane landed in Rome's Fiumicino Airport
men carrying the passports of Imam Musa
Sadr and Sheikh Mohammed Jakub had entry
visas stamped a transit visa was issued
for the man carrying the passport of
Abbas bad redeem his passport has to
this day never been recovered the three
men left the airport after midnight
the Libyan embassy in Rome it is
believed that the three men spent the
night here
the next morning September the 1st 1978
two men checked in at the Holiday Inn
Hotel in Rome one was bearded and
dressed in a religious robe
the other was in civilian clothes the
two men checked in for two rooms and
paid in cash for a one-week stay at the
hotel ten minutes later the two men were
seen leaving the hotel both dressed in
civilian clothes and carrying no luggage
ten days after the disappearance of the
Imam Italian police discovered the
luggage and passports of Musa Sadr and
Mohammad yaqoob in the hotel in Rome
Senate cannibalism palutena my bad and
Martine no Heidel amino hi LM in Dublin
on a silicon module Samsonite Samsonite
can make for an effort can max ooh
yaaaaah
a poem airs okay Kweli ojti firown'
olfactory trove are a opposite Ament a
para credit re la pista Roman an
apostate Ileana Natalia responsibility'
adult to live alone le Nelly Cooper to
register no static guaranteed a again
defeat the Italian authorities
interrogated crew and passengers of the
Alitalia flight as well as staff at the
airport and the hotel after a nine-month
investigation in May 1979 the Italian
authorities concluded that Imam Musa
asada and his two companions had not
entered Italy the Libyan regime
continued to insist that asada and his
two companions had left Tripoli for Rome
Libyan assertions were unconvincing
especially as Gaddafi kept changing his
story
don't analyze it at our venue believe in
Libya
the Lebanese government and the families
of those missing remains suspicious of
Gaddafi's declarations they held the
Libyan leader responsible for the
abductions there were also questions
around a possible Italian role in the
strange affair
las comparsa de Lima Aristotle purcha
Peto como uno de tanta Kazi D lavoris
porque de servicios agretti Karen hasta
t fact in italia maschi sona were the
cause of the story the English dissident
Liberty all the other except pertinent
is which secretary Bishop Kelly travel
request' arborist a Tamez Don agente
since envisioned Olympus are the layer
and the layer Porto a quest oh boy to
see no static immediately complete
Italian you may know a year after the
disappearance of Imam Musa asada and his
two companions the Libyan regime shared
details of its preliminary investigation
to Italian authorities Italy contested
the libyan account saying its
conclusions were flawed to counter these
charges the Libyan regime produced
employees who testified to the departure
of the Imam and his two companions from
Libya al Jazeera met former immigration
officer Abdul rappin go Ayla who was
working at Tripoli Airport on the night
the Imam and his two companions
disappeared
we went with Abdul Rahman gala to his
former workplace at the immigration
office it was here in December 1979 that
his then boss called Omar Khadr had
ordered him to bear false witness where
will a fearful and yes sir Alfred
you thought power a - al Qaeda Maria del
camin
we had the Rianne Olivier what Musa Sadr
Messiah mr. Arafat we only enter
contested film at our fiocruz yes Musa
Sadr final austere elegant and licking
that goon and Nikita had a Matias Musa
Sadr let Mohammed had the Quran surah
goodlow live in the minimum - laughs tom
hanniger was evident coolant has set an
ammonia lesser had a still umber to be
he not an a theme modern metal muscle
solder
Javed Akhtar who knee another Libyan
immigration officer who worked at the
airport was also compelled by Libyan
security agents to testify that he had
seen imam moussa al-sadr and his two
companions leave tripoli and now whether
it because I would gladly gesture from
Mossad we can have Nakamoto happiness
that can even occur to you Muhammad
Muhammad Shah has it
what look nanny Batali what's a girl why
had it perfect 15 early that 11 is
macquarie it's a bitch get up in
never-never diamond when tomorrow winter
months are my gosh maybe Nevada it has
written a procedure about any man - wha
- Oh pants whatever after that on
January the 1st 1980 Abdul Rahman gala
was summoned by Libyan intelligence to
confirm his testimony yet Terry Fator
becky stalley swara photography swatch
obsidian
leah was suffer Moses ever while he
hadn't huge we only had a resilient chef
Papa has tell you I had one he was an
Englishman who had the work we're gonna
add not see any an Academy one week
later the two immigration officers go
Ayla and art are hooni where each
summand for further questioning by the
Libyan judiciary
such a society I would hope October
curry suffer okay they went to control
everybody couldn't find a good burrito
burrito good rhythm but honestly the man
puts in it and as I'm going to put
cameras over - and we kind of had that
sure what is that I bet I didn't you
happy I'd heard it whenever he had the
respect or not he was a smoker ever had
a vision you had probably was about the
chef's sermon dish I cannot a she had an
fabrica scene are you Jess
little teeny we're near near a committee
was Musa Sadr Anna Lamar was an athlete
emotional soccer
well a parables of solder well America
was there when a murder if I pay when of
others it was a true lamb para I have
had an it lock in 2005 Gadhafi asked
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi
to reopen the investigation into the
case of imam musa asada
a court in rome subsequently reported
that there was no new evidence but the
report hinted a father and his two
companions might have disappeared in
Italy
Italian lawyer Joseph Trotter has
followed the case of the Imams
disappearance he is skeptical of the
report from the court ordered by
Berlusconi the pistil Peabody here the
ability a million Russian to certain
total territory of national Nepal
desiderio dosa loopers Crete balladeer
k9c personal urea said before say la
Ossa bada written Eric Allen on a facade
which is Anita Lassiter Bertie and a
genie relatively low mushy do MA crystal
contrast Arabic on the agra tala
mentored el corte diamond the contrast
bank account the sony data the lemon
juice Eduardo ill religiosa - Burkhardt
Natalia after the fall of Gaddafi's
regime in 2011 a number of his former
aides spoke out about what had happened
to Imam Musa asada Abdul Rahman shall
gyum a former Libyan foreign minister
claimed the Imam and his companions had
been killed by Palestinian militant Abu
Nidal who had been close to Gaddafi
another top aide of the Libyan leader
Ahmed Ramadan claimed during a TV
interview following his arrest that
Gaddafi's communications secretary Taha
al Sharif bernama
was linked to the Imams disappearance
former government minder Hussein milord
is skeptical of remittance claims Imam
Musa Sadr
harvestable Imam Musa Sadr
have envied nathie important the
Anaconda logistic verily mimosa solder
Muhammad Ershad the
sons of Gaddafi's secretary Taha
al-sharif been Emir have denied the
accusations against their father they
produced his death certificate stating
he died on March the 7th 1978 in a plane
crash five months before imam moussa
al-sadr visited libya major abdelmouniem
a loonie also heard stories about the
fate of the Imam Musa Sadr hospitality
Samata and Nakumatt open fire in Huaraz
Caliphate Arabs today said le palais de
la villita Tambor to demo a taraji a
female in a model model Lama domestic
Morocco where are you hustling
officially do a merengue defeat
bittersweet
there are numerous different and
sometimes contradictory stories about
the fate of Imam Musa Sadr and his two
companions the uncertainty is compounded
by the fact that no bodies have ever
been discovered
in Beirut the Lebanese judiciary and the
families of those missing have never
been convinced by reports from Libya
oh well in every way yet must data her
rather the tip well I thought I had an
agenda
he had a flicker everywhere
well evil inaudible and LASIK laser fire
homily Delhi usually imodium here I will
be Mahalo we wish you do Fatih many
besides stories of their murder there
have also been reports of the Imam and
his two companions being held at one
time or another in secret prisons in
Libya a former prison guard Habib
Massoud was arrested after Gaddafi's
downfall he was himself imprisoned
sources from inside the prison where
Mossad is held told Al Jazeera of what
he revealed under interrogation Mossad
claimed he had guarded imam moussa
al-sadr between 1992 and 1995 in a
secret prison in tripoli we were not
granted permission to meet and interview
Mossad the former prison known as iines
era in north tripoli holds another story
al Jazeera visited the place with
witness Abdul Rahman gala and former
prisoner Muys buela buela gur says he
was imprisoned here in 2001 and he
remembers seeing on the wall of his cell
the words Musa asada time may have
raised the words earlier yet Allah Shira
Maud moon and Nelly mom how I can do fee
Susan Lee fat Romanian 7 alpha trap the
traveled many net with the say net while
a free call Harry thought had rewired
and who lhasa Mahalo after new home home
Lhasa Mahalo he worked in a fair to each
year Lebanon sphere community marks the
day of the Imams disappearance
shortly after Gaddafi was killed Lebanon
sent an investigation team to Tripoli
which visited a number of jails and
detention centers in several cities the
team paved the way for a high-level
Lebanese diplomatic mission to meet
Libya's new leaders the delegation
included the son of Imam asada the
Lebanese and Libyan governments have
agreed to make renewed efforts to
investigate the secret prisons and to
question former members of the Libyan
regime well in dalek who are al-amin in
hadith Allah
Cassius Elmo Amara Yash Garcia
happy new verticals fe can connect if
Aqaba bad or 30 cause fe about active a
problem
adavi who will manifest lira De
Telegraaf ah well a canal our our can do
what Al Arabiya Guerra be measured
Adam hedorium banana Hawk buried an ax
lishus Ian Whelan Jameer dunno can come
Nabil Rajab now can Leoben
many state secrets may have gone to the
grave with colonel muammar gaddafi the
disappearance and presumed murder of
Imam Musa Sadr and his two companions
still raises questions to this day
questions that touch on the issues of
politics and religion in the Middle East
Imam Musa Sadr often spoke of the need
for truth and justice for those without
a voice his words ring true ur than ever
not least to resolve the case of his own
strange disappearance
you